Souls
=====
These are the soul commands that
currently exist at ShadowGate:

?           ack         admonish    agree
apologize   applaud     approve     bark
bearhug     beat        beep        beg
bing        bird        bite        bleed
blink       blow        blush       boggle
bomb        bonk        bounce      bow
breathe     burp        butt        cackle
calm        can         caper       caress
cheer       chew        chirp       chortle
chuckle     clap        comfort     consider
cough       cower       crack       cringe
crumble     crumple     cry         cuddle
curtsey     dance       daydream    die
disagree    dream       drool       drum
duck        duh         envy        evade
explode     eye         faint       fall
fart        fewt        fiddle      fit
flex        flip        flirt       flop
flutter     fondle      freak       french
froth       frown       fume        gag
gasp        gawk        gaze        gibber
giggle      glance      glare       gloat
goo         grab        grimace     grin
grind       groan       grok        grope
grovel      growl       grumble     grunt
gwert       hiccup      hmm         hop
howl        hug         hum         ignore
jump        kick        kiss        kneel
laugh       leer        lick        lite
love        meditate    melt        meow
moan        mock        moo         mooch
mumble      nibble      nod         noogie
nudge       nuke        nyuck       object
pace        panic       pant        pat
phew        pinch       pizza       plead
point       poke        ponder      pope
pout        preen       primp       puke
punch       purr        push        putz
puzzle      quiver      raise       razz
recoil      relax       roar        rofl
roll        rub         ruffle      run
salute      scratch     scream      shake
shiver      shrug       shudder     sigh
sing        sit         slam        slap
sleep       smack       smile       smirk
snap        snarl       sneeze      sneer
snicker     sniff       snivel      snore
snort       snuggle     soap        sob
spank       spit        squeeze     stagger
stand       stare       startle     steam
stomp       strangle    stroke      strut
sulk        swear       sweat       tackle
tantrum     tap         taunt       thank
think       thumb       tickle      tip
toast       tongue      touch       tremble
trip        tsk         twiddle     twitch
waffle      wail        wait        wake
wax         wave        weep        welcome
whiffle     whimper     whine       whistle
wiggle      wince       wink        womble
woo         worship     yawn        yodel
yuck

